clarify `DD_RUM.startView` API history (#17926)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/browser/modifying_data_and_context.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> 2. You must start views for each new page or route change (for single-page applications). RUM data is collected when the view starts. Starting from [version 4.13.0](17), you can also optionally define the associated service name, and version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You must start views for each new page or route change (for single-page applications). RUM data is collected when the view starts. Starting with [version 4.13.0](17), you can also optionally define the associated service name and version.
```

   - View Name: Defaults to the page URL path.
   - Service: Defaults to the default service specified when creating your RUM application.
   - Version: Defaults to the default version specified when creating your RUM application.

   For more information, see [Setup Browser Monitoring][4].

<details open>
  <summary>Latest version</summary>

> The following example manually tracks the page views on the <code>checkout</code> page in a RUM application. Use <code>checkout</code> for the view name and associate the <code>purchase</code> service with version <code>1.2.3</code>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, page views are manually tracked on the <code>checkout</code> page in a RUM application. <code>checkout</code> is the view name and the <code>purchase</code> service is associated with version <code>1.2.3</code>.
```

Author: I pushed a new wording inspired by your suggestion. I think it's clearer to say that the view is associated with the service X version Y. Yes, service and versions are related, but the point of this method is rather to associate the view with those service and version. WDYT?

Reviewer: Looks good to me. I'll get this merged now.

> The following example manually tracks the page views on the <code>checkout</code> page in a RUM application. Use <code>checkout</code> for the view name and associate the <code>purchase</code> service with version <code>1.2.3</code>.

Reviewer: Sorry, this might be a silly question, but is version 1.2.3 an example value or is it the actual version number of the purchase service.

Author: Both the `purchase` service and version `1.2.3` are examples

Reviewer: Got it. I added a suggestion for a potential edit.

```
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}
</details>

<details>
  <summary>before <code>v4.13.0</code></summary>

> The following example manually tracks the page views on the <code>checkout</code> page in a RUM application. No service nor version can be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example manually tracks the page views on the <code>checkout</code> page in a RUM application. No service or version can be specified.
```
